DPTOPICS-1184/update docs to reflect shift from `dl` to `ul` (#169)
bbc/gef-docs: _content/components/metadata-strips.md

        </svg>
        1m
      </span>
      <span class="gel-sr">1 minute ago</span>
    </div>
  </li>
  <li>
    <div class="gel-sr">From:</div>
    <div>
      <a href="link/to/category">UK</a>
    </div>
  </li>
</ul>
```

* **`class="gel-sr"` for `<div>`:** These are only needed for non-visual clarification in screen reader output. They are hidden visually using the `gel-sr` class.
* **gel-icon:** The SVG icon (if present) is hidden along with the display text. It takes `focusable="false"` to remove it from focus order in some versions of IE and Edge[^1]
* **`aria-hidden="true"`** In some cases, the visually displayed text may not be sufficient for synthetic voice announcement. In these cases, the displayed text (and associated iconography) is hidden from assistive technologies with `aria-hidden="true"`[^2] and an alternative wording is provided non-visually (using the `gel-sr` class to hide this text visually).

## Recommended layout

The `<ul>` must have its user agent styles removed. The child `<li>`s are set to `inline-block`, with `white-space: nowrap`.

```css
.gel-metadata-strip > li {
  display: inline-block;
  white-space: nowrap;
}
```

> The purpose of `nowrap` is to ensure pairs of titles and descriptions wrap together and are never split across lines. This aids scanning and comprehension.

Reviewer: There's no distinction between titles and definitions any more. Maybe say this:
```suggestion
The purpose of `nowrap` is to ensure items are never split across lines. This aids scanning and comprehension.
```

### Further reading, elsewhere on the Web

[^1]: Don't make every `<svg>` focusable by default (issue) — Microsoft, <https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/platform/issues/8090208/>
[^2]: "Accessibility chops: `hidden` and `aria-hidden`" — The Paciello Group, <https://developer.paciellogroup.com/blog/2012/05/html5-accessibility-chops-hidden-and-aria-hidden/>

> [^3]: Use Of Color: Understanding WCAG 1.4.1, <https://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/visual-audio-contrast-without-color.html>

Reviewer: Can you update this link to the WCAG 2.1 guidelines? https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/use-of-color
